action.environmental.notes
action.environmental.variety.Deterioration
action.environmental.variety.Earthquake
action.environmental.variety.EMI
action.environmental.variety.ESD
action.environmental.variety.Fire
action.environmental.variety.Flood
action.environmental.variety.Hazmat
action.environmental.variety.Humidity
action.environmental.variety.Hurricane
action.environmental.variety.Ice
action.environmental.variety.Landslide
action.environmental.variety.Leak
action.environmental.variety.Lightning
action.environmental.variety.Meteorite
action.environmental.variety.Other
action.environmental.variety.Particulates
action.environmental.variety.Pathogen
action.environmental.variety.Power failure
action.environmental.variety.Temperature
action.environmental.variety.Tornado
action.environmental.variety.Tsunami
action.environmental.variety.Unknown
action.environmental.variety.Vermin
action.environmental.variety.Volcano
action.environmental.variety.Wind
action.error.notes
action.error.variety.Capacity shortage
action.error.variety.Classification error
action.error.variety.Data entry error
action.error.variety.Disposal error
action.error.variety.Gaffe
action.error.variety.Loss
action.error.variety.Maintenance error
action.error.variety.Malfunction
action.error.variety.Misconfiguration
action.error.variety.Misdelivery
action.error.variety.Misinformation
action.error.variety.Omission
action.error.variety.Other
action.error.variety.Physical accidents
action.error.variety.Programming error
action.error.variety.Publishing error
action.error.variety.Unknown
action.error.vector.Carelessness
action.error.vector.Inadequate personnel
action.error.vector.Inadequate processes
action.error.vector.Inadequate technology
action.error.vector.Other
action.error.vector.Random error
action.error.vector.Unknown
action.error.vector.Web application
action.hacking.cve
action.hacking.notes
action.hacking.result.Deploy payload
action.hacking.result.Elevate
action.hacking.result.Exfiltrate
action.hacking.result.Infiltrate
action.hacking.result.Lateral movement
action.hacking.result.NA
action.hacking.result.Other
action.hacking.result.Unknown
action.hacking.variety.Abuse of functionality
action.hacking.variety.Backdoor
action.hacking.variety.Brute force
action.hacking.variety.Buffer overflow
action.hacking.variety.Cache poisoning
action.hacking.variety.Cryptanalysis
action.hacking.variety.CSRF
action.hacking.variety.Disable controls
action.hacking.variety.DoS
action.hacking.variety.Evade Defenses
action.hacking.variety.Exploit misconfig
action.hacking.variety.Exploit vuln
action.hacking.variety.Forced browsing
action.hacking.variety.Format string attack
action.hacking.variety.Fuzz testing
action.hacking.variety.HTTP request smuggling
action.hacking.variety.HTTP request splitting
action.hacking.variety.HTTP response smuggling
action.hacking.variety.HTTP response splitting
action.hacking.variety.Insecure deserialization
action.hacking.variety.Integer overflows
action.hacking.variety.LDAP injection
action.hacking.variety.Mail command injection
action.hacking.variety.MitM
action.hacking.variety.Null byte injection
action.hacking.variety.Offline cracking
action.hacking.variety.OS commanding
action.hacking.variety.Other
action.hacking.variety.Pass-the-hash
action.hacking.variety.Path traversal
action.hacking.variety.Profile host
action.hacking.variety.Reverse engineering
action.hacking.variety.RFI
action.hacking.variety.Routing detour
action.hacking.variety.Scan network
action.hacking.variety.Session fixation
action.hacking.variety.Session prediction
action.hacking.variety.Session replay
action.hacking.variety.Soap array abuse
action.hacking.variety.Special element injection
action.hacking.variety.SQLi
action.hacking.variety.SSI injection
action.hacking.variety.Unknown
action.hacking.variety.URL redirector abuse
action.hacking.variety.Use of stolen creds
action.hacking.variety.User breakout
action.hacking.variety.Virtual machine escape
action.hacking.variety.XML attribute blowup
action.hacking.variety.XML entity expansion
action.hacking.variety.XML external entities
action.hacking.variety.XML injection
action.hacking.variety.XPath injection
action.hacking.variety.XQuery injection
action.hacking.variety.XSS
action.hacking.vector.3rd party desktop
action.hacking.vector.Backdoor
action.hacking.vector.Command shell
action.hacking.vector.Desktop sharing
action.hacking.vector.Desktop sharing software
action.hacking.vector.Hypervisor
action.hacking.vector.Inter-tenant
action.hacking.vector.Other
action.hacking.vector.Other network service
action.hacking.vector.Partner
action.hacking.vector.Physical access
action.hacking.vector.Unknown
action.hacking.vector.VPN
action.hacking.vector.Web application
action.malware.cve
action.malware.name
action.malware.notes
action.malware.result.Deploy payload
action.malware.result.Elevate
action.malware.result.Exfiltrate
action.malware.result.Infiltrate
action.malware.result.Lateral movement
action.malware.result.NA
action.malware.result.Other
action.malware.result.Unknown
action.malware.variety.Adminware
action.malware.variety.Adware
action.malware.variety.Backdoor
action.malware.variety.Backdoor or C2
action.malware.variety.Brute force
action.malware.variety.C2
action.malware.variety.Capture app data
action.malware.variety.Capture stored data
action.malware.variety.Click fraud
action.malware.variety.Click fraud and cryptocurrency mining
action.malware.variety.Client-side attack
action.malware.variety.Cryptocurrency mining
action.malware.variety.Destroy data
action.malware.variety.Disable controls
action.malware.variety.DoS
action.malware.variety.Downloader
action.malware.variety.Evade Defenses
action.malware.variety.Exploit misconfig
action.malware.variety.Exploit vuln
action.malware.variety.Export data
action.malware.variety.In-memory
action.malware.variety.MitM
action.malware.variety.Modify data
action.malware.variety.Other
action.malware.variety.Packet sniffer
action.malware.variety.Pass-the-hash
action.malware.variety.Password dumper
action.malware.variety.Profile host
action.malware.variety.RAM scraper
action.malware.variety.Ransomware
action.malware.variety.RAT
action.malware.variety.Rootkit
action.malware.variety.Scan network
action.malware.variety.Spam
action.malware.variety.Spyware/Keylogger
action.malware.variety.Trojan
action.malware.variety.Unknown
action.malware.variety.Worm
action.malware.vector.C2
action.malware.vector.Direct install
action.malware.vector.Download by malware
action.malware.vector.Email
action.malware.vector.Email attachment
action.malware.vector.Email autoexecute
action.malware.vector.Email link
action.malware.vector.Email other
action.malware.vector.Email unknown
action.malware.vector.Instant messaging
action.malware.vector.Network propagation
action.malware.vector.Other
action.malware.vector.Partner
action.malware.vector.Remote injection
action.malware.vector.Removable media
action.malware.vector.Software update
action.malware.vector.Unknown
action.malware.vector.Web application
action.malware.vector.Web application - download
action.malware.vector.Web application - drive-by
action.misuse.notes
action.misuse.result.Deploy payload
action.misuse.result.Elevate
action.misuse.result.Exfiltrate
action.misuse.result.Infiltrate
action.misuse.result.Lateral movement
action.misuse.result.NA
action.misuse.result.Other
action.misuse.result.Unknown
action.misuse.variety.Data mishandling
action.misuse.variety.Email misuse
action.misuse.variety.Evade Defenses
action.misuse.variety.Illicit content
action.misuse.variety.Knowledge abuse
action.misuse.variety.Net misuse
action.misuse.variety.Other
action.misuse.variety.Possession abuse
action.misuse.variety.Privilege abuse
action.misuse.variety.Snap picture
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved hardware
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved software
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved workaround
action.misuse.variety.Unknown
action.misuse.vector.LAN access
action.misuse.vector.Non-corporate
action.misuse.vector.Other
action.misuse.vector.Physical access
action.misuse.vector.Remote access
action.misuse.vector.Unknown
action.misuse.vector.Web application
action.physical.notes
action.physical.result.Deploy payload
action.physical.result.Elevate
action.physical.result.Exfiltrate
action.physical.result.Infiltrate
action.physical.result.Lateral movement
action.physical.result.NA
action.physical.result.Other
action.physical.result.Unknown
action.physical.variety.Assault
action.physical.variety.Bypassed controls
action.physical.variety.Connection
action.physical.variety.Destruction
action.physical.variety.Disabled controls
action.physical.variety.Evade Defenses
action.physical.variety.Other
action.physical.variety.Skimmer
action.physical.variety.Snooping
action.physical.variety.Surveillance
action.physical.variety.Tampering
action.physical.variety.Theft
action.physical.variety.Unknown
action.physical.variety.Wiretapping
action.physical.vector.Other
action.physical.vector.Partner facility
action.physical.vector.Partner vehicle
action.physical.vector.Personal residence
action.physical.vector.Personal vehicle
action.physical.vector.Public facility
action.physical.vector.Public vehicle
action.physical.vector.Unknown
action.physical.vector.Victim grounds
action.physical.vector.Victim public area
action.physical.vector.Victim secure area
action.physical.vector.Victim work area
action.social.notes
action.social.result.Deploy payload
action.social.result.Elevate
action.social.result.Exfiltrate
action.social.result.Infiltrate
action.social.result.Lateral movement
action.social.result.NA
action.social.result.Other
action.social.result.Unknown
action.social.target.Auditor
action.social.target.Call center
action.social.target.Cashier
action.social.target.Customer
action.social.target.Developer
action.social.target.End-user
action.social.target.End-user or employee
action.social.target.Executive
action.social.target.Finance
action.social.target.Former employee
action.social.target.Guard
action.social.target.Helpdesk
action.social.target.Human resources
action.social.target.Maintenance
action.social.target.Manager
action.social.target.Other
action.social.target.Other employee
action.social.target.Partner
action.social.target.System admin
action.social.target.Unknown
action.social.variety.Baiting
action.social.variety.Bribery
action.social.variety.Elicitation
action.social.variety.Evade Defenses
action.social.variety.Extortion
action.social.variety.Forgery
action.social.variety.Influence
action.social.variety.Other
action.social.variety.Phishing
action.social.variety.Pretexting
action.social.variety.Propaganda
action.social.variety.Scam
action.social.variety.Spam
action.social.variety.Unknown
action.social.vector.Documents
action.social.vector.Email
action.social.vector.IM
action.social.vector.In-person
action.social.vector.Other
action.social.vector.Partner
action.social.vector.Phone
action.social.vector.Removable media
action.social.vector.SMS
action.social.vector.Social media
action.social.vector.Software
action.social.vector.Unknown
action.social.vector.Web application
action.unknown.notes
action.unknown.result.Deploy payload
action.unknown.result.Elevate
action.unknown.result.Exfiltrate
action.unknown.result.Infiltrate
action.unknown.result.Lateral movement
action.unknown.result.NA
action.unknown.result.Other
action.unknown.result.Unknown
actor.external.country.AD
actor.external.country.AE
actor.external.country.AF
actor.external.country.AG
actor.external.country.AI
actor.external.country.AL
actor.external.country.AM
actor.external.country.AO
actor.external.country.AQ
actor.external.country.AR
actor.external.country.AS
actor.external.country.AT
actor.external.country.AU
actor.external.country.AW
actor.external.country.AX
actor.external.country.AZ
actor.external.country.BA
actor.external.country.BB
actor.external.country.BD
actor.external.country.BE
actor.external.country.BF
actor.external.country.BG
actor.external.country.BH
actor.external.country.BI
actor.external.country.BJ
actor.external.country.BL
actor.external.country.BM
actor.external.country.BN
actor.external.country.BO
actor.external.country.BQ
actor.external.country.BR
actor.external.country.BS
actor.external.country.BT
actor.external.country.BV
actor.external.country.BW
actor.external.country.BY
actor.external.country.BZ
actor.external.country.CA
actor.external.country.CC
actor.external.country.CD
actor.external.country.CF
actor.external.country.CG
actor.external.country.CH
actor.external.country.CI
actor.external.country.CK
actor.external.country.CL
actor.external.country.CM
actor.external.country.CN
actor.external.country.CO
actor.external.country.CR
actor.external.country.CU
actor.external.country.CV
actor.external.country.CW
actor.external.country.CX
actor.external.country.CY
actor.external.country.CZ
actor.external.country.DE
actor.external.country.DJ
actor.external.country.DK
actor.external.country.DM
actor.external.country.DO
actor.external.country.DZ
actor.external.country.EC
actor.external.country.EE
actor.external.country.EG
actor.external.country.EH
actor.external.country.ER
actor.external.country.ES
actor.external.country.ET
actor.external.country.FI
actor.external.country.FJ
actor.external.country.FK
actor.external.country.FM
actor.external.country.FO
actor.external.country.FR
actor.external.country.GA
actor.external.country.GB
actor.external.country.GD
actor.external.country.GE
actor.external.country.GF
actor.external.country.GG
actor.external.country.GH
actor.external.country.GI
actor.external.country.GL
actor.external.country.GM
actor.external.country.GN
actor.external.country.GP
actor.external.country.GQ
actor.external.country.GR
actor.external.country.GS
actor.external.country.GT
actor.external.country.GU
actor.external.country.GW
actor.external.country.GY
actor.external.country.HK
actor.external.country.HM
actor.external.country.HN
actor.external.country.HR
actor.external.country.HT
actor.external.country.HU
actor.external.country.ID
actor.external.country.IE
actor.external.country.IL
actor.external.country.IM
actor.external.country.IN
actor.external.country.IO
actor.external.country.IQ
actor.external.country.IR
actor.external.country.IS
actor.external.country.IT
actor.external.country.JE
actor.external.country.JM
actor.external.country.JO
actor.external.country.JP
actor.external.country.KE
actor.external.country.KG
actor.external.country.KH
actor.external.country.KI
actor.external.country.KM
actor.external.country.KN
actor.external.country.KP
actor.external.country.KR
actor.external.country.KW
actor.external.country.KY
actor.external.country.KZ
actor.external.country.LA
actor.external.country.LB
actor.external.country.LC
actor.external.country.LI
actor.external.country.LK
actor.external.country.LR
actor.external.country.LS
actor.external.country.LT
actor.external.country.LU
actor.external.country.LV
actor.external.country.LY
actor.external.country.MA
actor.external.country.MC
actor.external.country.MD
actor.external.country.ME
actor.external.country.MF
actor.external.country.MG
actor.external.country.MH
actor.external.country.MK
actor.external.country.ML
actor.external.country.MM
actor.external.country.MN
actor.external.country.MO
actor.external.country.MP
actor.external.country.MQ
actor.external.country.MR
actor.external.country.MS
actor.external.country.MT
actor.external.country.MU
actor.external.country.MV
actor.external.country.MW
actor.external.country.MX
actor.external.country.MY
actor.external.country.MZ
actor.external.country.NA
actor.external.country.NC
actor.external.country.NE
actor.external.country.NF
actor.external.country.NG
actor.external.country.NI
actor.external.country.NL
actor.external.country.NO
actor.external.country.NP
actor.external.country.NR
actor.external.country.NU
actor.external.country.NZ
actor.external.country.OM
actor.external.country.Other
actor.external.country.PA
actor.external.country.PE
actor.external.country.PF
actor.external.country.PG
actor.external.country.PH
actor.external.country.PK
actor.external.country.PL
actor.external.country.PM
actor.external.country.PN
actor.external.country.PR
actor.external.country.PS
actor.external.country.PT
actor.external.country.PW
actor.external.country.PY
actor.external.country.QA
actor.external.country.RE
actor.external.country.RO
actor.external.country.RS
actor.external.country.RU
actor.external.country.RW
actor.external.country.SA
actor.external.country.SB
actor.external.country.SC
actor.external.country.SD
actor.external.country.SE
actor.external.country.SG
actor.external.country.SH
actor.external.country.SI
actor.external.country.SJ
actor.external.country.SK
actor.external.country.SL
actor.external.country.SM
actor.external.country.SN
actor.external.country.SO
actor.external.country.SR
actor.external.country.SS
actor.external.country.ST
actor.external.country.SV
actor.external.country.SX
actor.external.country.SY
actor.external.country.SZ
actor.external.country.TC
actor.external.country.TD
actor.external.country.TF
actor.external.country.TG
actor.external.country.TH
actor.external.country.TJ
actor.external.country.TK
actor.external.country.TL
actor.external.country.TM
actor.external.country.TN
actor.external.country.TO
actor.external.country.TR
actor.external.country.TT
actor.external.country.TV
actor.external.country.TW
actor.external.country.TZ
actor.external.country.UA
actor.external.country.UG
actor.external.country.UM
actor.external.country.Unknown
actor.external.country.US
actor.external.country.UY
actor.external.country.UZ
actor.external.country.VA
actor.external.country.VC
actor.external.country.VE
actor.external.country.VG
actor.external.country.VI
actor.external.country.VN
actor.external.country.VU
actor.external.country.WF
actor.external.country.WS
actor.external.country.XK
actor.external.country.YE
actor.external.country.YT
actor.external.country.ZA
actor.external.country.ZM
actor.external.country.ZW
actor.external.motive.Convenience
actor.external.motive.Espionage
actor.external.motive.Fear
actor.external.motive.Financial
actor.external.motive.Fun
actor.external.motive.Grudge
actor.external.motive.Ideology
actor.external.motive.NA
actor.external.motive.Other
actor.external.motive.Secondary
actor.external.motive.Unknown
actor.external.name
actor.external.notes
actor.external.region
actor.external.variety.Acquaintance
actor.external.variety.Activist
actor.external.variety.Auditor
actor.external.variety.Competitor
actor.external.variety.Customer
actor.external.variety.Force majeure
actor.external.variety.Former employee
actor.external.variety.Nation-state
actor.external.variety.Organized crime
actor.external.variety.Other
actor.external.variety.State-affiliated
actor.external.variety.Terrorist
actor.external.variety.Unaffiliated
actor.external.variety.Unknown
actor.internal.job_change.Demoted
actor.internal.job_change.Hired
actor.internal.job_change.Job eval
actor.internal.job_change.Lateral move
actor.internal.job_change.Let go
actor.internal.job_change.Other
actor.internal.job_change.Passed over
actor.internal.job_change.Personal issues
actor.internal.job_change.Promoted
actor.internal.job_change.Reprimanded
actor.internal.job_change.Resigned
actor.internal.job_change.Unknown
actor.internal.motive.Convenience
actor.internal.motive.Espionage
actor.internal.motive.Fear
actor.internal.motive.Financial
actor.internal.motive.Fun
actor.internal.motive.Grudge
actor.internal.motive.Ideology
actor.internal.motive.NA
actor.internal.motive.Other
actor.internal.motive.Secondary
actor.internal.motive.Unknown
actor.internal.notes
actor.internal.variety.Auditor
actor.internal.variety.Call center
actor.internal.variety.Cashier
actor.internal.variety.Developer
actor.internal.variety.Doctor or nurse
actor.internal.variety.End-user
actor.internal.variety.Executive
actor.internal.variety.Finance
actor.internal.variety.Guard
actor.internal.variety.Helpdesk
actor.internal.variety.Human resources
actor.internal.variety.Maintenance
actor.internal.variety.Manager
actor.internal.variety.Other
actor.internal.variety.System admin
actor.internal.variety.Unknown
actor.partner.country.AD
actor.partner.country.AE
actor.partner.country.AF
actor.partner.country.AG
actor.partner.country.AI
actor.partner.country.AL
actor.partner.country.AM
actor.partner.country.AO
actor.partner.country.AQ
actor.partner.country.AR
actor.partner.country.AS
actor.partner.country.AT
actor.partner.country.AU
actor.partner.country.AW
actor.partner.country.AX
actor.partner.country.AZ
actor.partner.country.BA
actor.partner.country.BB
actor.partner.country.BD
actor.partner.country.BE
actor.partner.country.BF
actor.partner.country.BG
actor.partner.country.BH
actor.partner.country.BI
actor.partner.country.BJ
actor.partner.country.BL
actor.partner.country.BM
actor.partner.country.BN
actor.partner.country.BO
actor.partner.country.BQ
actor.partner.country.BR
actor.partner.country.BS
actor.partner.country.BT
actor.partner.country.BV
actor.partner.country.BW
actor.partner.country.BY
actor.partner.country.BZ
actor.partner.country.CA
actor.partner.country.CC
actor.partner.country.CD
actor.partner.country.CF
actor.partner.country.CG
actor.partner.country.CH
actor.partner.country.CI
actor.partner.country.CK
actor.partner.country.CL
actor.partner.country.CM
actor.partner.country.CN
actor.partner.country.CO
actor.partner.country.CR
actor.partner.country.CU
actor.partner.country.CV
actor.partner.country.CW
actor.partner.country.CX
actor.partner.country.CY
actor.partner.country.CZ
actor.partner.country.DE
actor.partner.country.DJ
actor.partner.country.DK
actor.partner.country.DM
actor.partner.country.DO
actor.partner.country.DZ
actor.partner.country.EC
actor.partner.country.EE
actor.partner.country.EG
actor.partner.country.EH
actor.partner.country.ER
actor.partner.country.ES
actor.partner.country.ET
actor.partner.country.FI
actor.partner.country.FJ
actor.partner.country.FK
actor.partner.country.FM
actor.partner.country.FO
actor.partner.country.FR
actor.partner.country.GA
actor.partner.country.GB
actor.partner.country.GD
actor.partner.country.GE
actor.partner.country.GF
actor.partner.country.GG
actor.partner.country.GH
actor.partner.country.GI
actor.partner.country.GL
actor.partner.country.GM
actor.partner.country.GN
actor.partner.country.GP
actor.partner.country.GQ
actor.partner.country.GR
actor.partner.country.GS
actor.partner.country.GT
actor.partner.country.GU
actor.partner.country.GW
actor.partner.country.GY
actor.partner.country.HK
actor.partner.country.HM
actor.partner.country.HN
actor.partner.country.HR
actor.partner.country.HT
actor.partner.country.HU
actor.partner.country.ID
actor.partner.country.IE
actor.partner.country.IL
actor.partner.country.IM
actor.partner.country.IN
actor.partner.country.IO
actor.partner.country.IQ
actor.partner.country.IR
actor.partner.country.IS
actor.partner.country.IT
actor.partner.country.JE
actor.partner.country.JM
actor.partner.country.JO
actor.partner.country.JP
actor.partner.country.KE
actor.partner.country.KG
actor.partner.country.KH
actor.partner.country.KI
actor.partner.country.KM
actor.partner.country.KN
actor.partner.country.KP
actor.partner.country.KR
actor.partner.country.KW
actor.partner.country.KY
actor.partner.country.KZ
actor.partner.country.LA
actor.partner.country.LB
actor.partner.country.LC
actor.partner.country.LI
actor.partner.country.LK
actor.partner.country.LR
actor.partner.country.LS
actor.partner.country.LT
actor.partner.country.LU
actor.partner.country.LV
actor.partner.country.LY
actor.partner.country.MA
actor.partner.country.MC
actor.partner.country.MD
actor.partner.country.ME
actor.partner.country.MF
actor.partner.country.MG
actor.partner.country.MH
actor.partner.country.MK
actor.partner.country.ML
actor.partner.country.MM
actor.partner.country.MN
actor.partner.country.MO
actor.partner.country.MP
actor.partner.country.MQ
actor.partner.country.MR
actor.partner.country.MS
actor.partner.country.MT
actor.partner.country.MU
actor.partner.country.MV
actor.partner.country.MW
actor.partner.country.MX
actor.partner.country.MY
actor.partner.country.MZ
actor.partner.country.NA
actor.partner.country.NC
actor.partner.country.NE
actor.partner.country.NF
actor.partner.country.NG
actor.partner.country.NI
actor.partner.country.NL
actor.partner.country.NO
actor.partner.country.NP
actor.partner.country.NR
actor.partner.country.NU
actor.partner.country.NZ
actor.partner.country.OM
actor.partner.country.Other
actor.partner.country.PA
actor.partner.country.PE
actor.partner.country.PF
actor.partner.country.PG
actor.partner.country.PH
actor.partner.country.PK
actor.partner.country.PL
actor.partner.country.PM
actor.partner.country.PN
actor.partner.country.PR
actor.partner.country.PS
actor.partner.country.PT
actor.partner.country.PW
actor.partner.country.PY
actor.partner.country.QA
actor.partner.country.RE
actor.partner.country.RO
actor.partner.country.RS
actor.partner.country.RU
actor.partner.country.RW
actor.partner.country.SA
actor.partner.country.SB
actor.partner.country.SC
actor.partner.country.SD
actor.partner.country.SE
actor.partner.country.SG
actor.partner.country.SH
actor.partner.country.SI
actor.partner.country.SJ
actor.partner.country.SK
actor.partner.country.SL
actor.partner.country.SM
actor.partner.country.SN
actor.partner.country.SO
actor.partner.country.SR
actor.partner.country.SS
actor.partner.country.ST
actor.partner.country.SV
actor.partner.country.SX
actor.partner.country.SY
actor.partner.country.SZ
actor.partner.country.TC
actor.partner.country.TD
actor.partner.country.TF
actor.partner.country.TG
actor.partner.country.TH
actor.partner.country.TJ
actor.partner.country.TK
actor.partner.country.TL
actor.partner.country.TM
actor.partner.country.TN
actor.partner.country.TO
actor.partner.country.TR
actor.partner.country.TT
actor.partner.country.TV
actor.partner.country.TW
actor.partner.country.TZ
actor.partner.country.UA
actor.partner.country.UG
actor.partner.country.UM
actor.partner.country.Unknown
actor.partner.country.US
actor.partner.country.UY
actor.partner.country.UZ
actor.partner.country.VA
actor.partner.country.VC
actor.partner.country.VE
actor.partner.country.VG
actor.partner.country.VI
actor.partner.country.VN
actor.partner.country.VU
actor.partner.country.WF
actor.partner.country.WS
actor.partner.country.XK
actor.partner.country.YE
actor.partner.country.YT
actor.partner.country.ZA
actor.partner.country.ZM
actor.partner.country.ZW
actor.partner.industry
actor.partner.motive.Convenience
actor.partner.motive.Espionage
actor.partner.motive.Fear
actor.partner.motive.Financial
actor.partner.motive.Fun
actor.partner.motive.Grudge
actor.partner.motive.Ideology
actor.partner.motive.NA
actor.partner.motive.Other
actor.partner.motive.Secondary
actor.partner.motive.Unknown
actor.partner.name
actor.partner.notes
actor.partner.region
actor.unknown.notes
asset.assets.amount.E - Other
asset.assets.amount.E - Telematics
asset.assets.amount.E - Telemetry
asset.assets.amount.E - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.M - Disk drive
asset.assets.amount.M - Disk media
asset.assets.amount.M - Documents
asset.assets.amount.M - Fax
asset.assets.amount.M - Flash drive
asset.assets.amount.M - Other
asset.assets.amount.M - Payment card
asset.assets.amount.M - Smart card
asset.assets.amount.M - Tapes
asset.assets.amount.M - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.N - Access reader
asset.assets.amount.N - Broadband
asset.assets.amount.N - Camera
asset.assets.amount.N - Firewall
asset.assets.amount.N - HSM
asset.assets.amount.N - IDS
asset.assets.amount.N - LAN
asset.assets.amount.N - NAS
asset.assets.amount.N - Other
asset.assets.amount.N - PBX
asset.assets.amount.N - PLC
asset.assets.amount.N - Private WAN
asset.assets.amount.N - Public WAN
asset.assets.amount.N - Router or switch
asset.assets.amount.N - RTU
asset.assets.amount.N - SAN
asset.assets.amount.N - Telephone
asset.assets.amount.N - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.N - VoIP adapter
asset.assets.amount.N - WLAN
asset.assets.amount.Other
asset.assets.amount.P - Auditor
asset.assets.amount.P - Call center
asset.assets.amount.P - Cashier
asset.assets.amount.P - Customer
asset.assets.amount.P - Developer
asset.assets.amount.P - End-user
asset.assets.amount.P - End-user or employee
asset.assets.amount.P - Executive
asset.assets.amount.P - Finance
asset.assets.amount.P - Former employee
asset.assets.amount.P - Guard
asset.assets.amount.P - Helpdesk
asset.assets.amount.P - Human resources
asset.assets.amount.P - Maintenance
asset.assets.amount.P - Manager
asset.assets.amount.P - Other
asset.assets.amount.P - Other employee
asset.assets.amount.P - Partner
asset.assets.amount.P - System admin
asset.assets.amount.P - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.S - Authentication
asset.assets.amount.S - Backup
asset.assets.amount.S - Code repository
asset.assets.amount.S - Configuration or patch management
asset.assets.amount.S - Database
asset.assets.amount.S - DCS
asset.assets.amount.S - DHCP
asset.assets.amount.S - Directory
asset.assets.amount.S - DNS
asset.assets.amount.S - File
asset.assets.amount.S - ICS
asset.assets.amount.S - Log
asset.assets.amount.S - Mail
asset.assets.amount.S - Mainframe
asset.assets.amount.S - Other
asset.assets.amount.S - Payment switch
asset.assets.amount.S - POS controller
asset.assets.amount.S - Print
asset.assets.amount.S - Proxy
asset.assets.amount.S - Remote access
asset.assets.amount.S - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.S - VM host
asset.assets.amount.S - Web application
asset.assets.amount.T - ATM
asset.assets.amount.T - Gas terminal
asset.assets.amount.T - Kiosk
asset.assets.amount.T - Other
asset.assets.amount.T - PED pad
asset.assets.amount.T - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.U - Auth token
asset.assets.amount.U - Desktop
asset.assets.amount.U - Desktop or laptop
asset.assets.amount.U - Laptop
asset.assets.amount.U - Media
asset.assets.amount.U - Mobile phone
asset.assets.amount.U - Other
asset.assets.amount.U - Peripheral
asset.assets.amount.U - POS terminal
asset.assets.amount.U - Tablet
asset.assets.amount.U - Telephone
asset.assets.amount.U - Unknown
asset.assets.amount.U - VoIP phone
asset.assets.amount.Unknown
asset.assets.variety.E - Other
asset.assets.variety.E - Telematics
asset.assets.variety.E - Telemetry
asset.assets.variety.E - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.M - Disk drive
asset.assets.variety.M - Disk media
asset.assets.variety.M - Documents
asset.assets.variety.M - Fax
asset.assets.variety.M - Flash drive
asset.assets.variety.M - Other
asset.assets.variety.M - Payment card
asset.assets.variety.M - Smart card
asset.assets.variety.M - Tapes
asset.assets.variety.M - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.N - Access reader
asset.assets.variety.N - Broadband
asset.assets.variety.N - Camera
asset.assets.variety.N - Firewall
asset.assets.variety.N - HSM
asset.assets.variety.N - IDS
asset.assets.variety.N - LAN
asset.assets.variety.N - NAS
asset.assets.variety.N - Other
asset.assets.variety.N - PBX
asset.assets.variety.N - PLC
asset.assets.variety.N - Private WAN
asset.assets.variety.N - Public WAN
asset.assets.variety.N - Router or switch
asset.assets.variety.N - RTU
asset.assets.variety.N - SAN
asset.assets.variety.N - Telephone
asset.assets.variety.N - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.N - VoIP adapter
asset.assets.variety.N - WLAN
asset.assets.variety.Other
asset.assets.variety.P - Auditor
asset.assets.variety.P - Call center
asset.assets.variety.P - Cashier
asset.assets.variety.P - Customer
asset.assets.variety.P - Developer
asset.assets.variety.P - End-user
asset.assets.variety.P - End-user or employee
asset.assets.variety.P - Executive
asset.assets.variety.P - Finance
asset.assets.variety.P - Former employee
asset.assets.variety.P - Guard
asset.assets.variety.P - Helpdesk
asset.assets.variety.P - Human resources
asset.assets.variety.P - Maintenance
asset.assets.variety.P - Manager
asset.assets.variety.P - Other
asset.assets.variety.P - Other employee
asset.assets.variety.P - Partner
asset.assets.variety.P - System admin
asset.assets.variety.P - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.S - Authentication
asset.assets.variety.S - Backup
asset.assets.variety.S - Code repository
asset.assets.variety.S - Configuration or patch management
asset.assets.variety.S - Database
asset.assets.variety.S - DCS
asset.assets.variety.S - DHCP
asset.assets.variety.S - Directory
asset.assets.variety.S - DNS
asset.assets.variety.S - File
asset.assets.variety.S - ICS
asset.assets.variety.S - Log
asset.assets.variety.S - Mail
asset.assets.variety.S - Mainframe
asset.assets.variety.S - Other
asset.assets.variety.S - Payment switch
asset.assets.variety.S - POS controller
asset.assets.variety.S - Print
asset.assets.variety.S - Proxy
asset.assets.variety.S - Remote access
asset.assets.variety.S - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.S - VM host
asset.assets.variety.S - Web application
asset.assets.variety.T - ATM
asset.assets.variety.T - Gas terminal
asset.assets.variety.T - Kiosk
asset.assets.variety.T - Other
asset.assets.variety.T - PED pad
asset.assets.variety.T - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.U - Auth token
asset.assets.variety.U - Desktop
asset.assets.variety.U - Desktop or laptop
asset.assets.variety.U - Laptop
asset.assets.variety.U - Media
asset.assets.variety.U - Mobile phone
asset.assets.variety.U - Other
asset.assets.variety.U - Peripheral
asset.assets.variety.U - POS terminal
asset.assets.variety.U - Tablet
asset.assets.variety.U - Telephone
asset.assets.variety.U - Unknown
asset.assets.variety.U - VoIP phone
asset.assets.variety.Unknown
asset.cloud.External Cloud Asset(s)
asset.cloud.NA
asset.cloud.On-Premise Asset(s)
asset.cloud.Other
asset.cloud.Unknown
asset.country.AD
asset.country.AE
asset.country.AF
asset.country.AG
asset.country.AI
asset.country.AL
asset.country.AM
asset.country.AO
asset.country.AQ
asset.country.AR
asset.country.AS
asset.country.AT
asset.country.AU
asset.country.AW
asset.country.AX
asset.country.AZ
asset.country.BA
asset.country.BB
asset.country.BD
asset.country.BE
asset.country.BF
asset.country.BG
asset.country.BH
asset.country.BI
asset.country.BJ
asset.country.BL
asset.country.BM
asset.country.BN
asset.country.BO
asset.country.BQ
asset.country.BR
asset.country.BS
asset.country.BT
asset.country.BV
asset.country.BW
asset.country.BY
asset.country.BZ
asset.country.CA
asset.country.CC
asset.country.CD
asset.country.CF
asset.country.CG
asset.country.CH
asset.country.CI
asset.country.CK
asset.country.CL
asset.country.CM
asset.country.CN
asset.country.CO
asset.country.CR
asset.country.CU
asset.country.CV
asset.country.CW
asset.country.CX
asset.country.CY
asset.country.CZ
asset.country.DE
asset.country.DJ
asset.country.DK
asset.country.DM
asset.country.DO
asset.country.DZ
asset.country.EC
asset.country.EE
asset.country.EG
asset.country.EH
asset.country.ER
asset.country.ES
asset.country.ET
asset.country.FI
asset.country.FJ
asset.country.FK
asset.country.FM
asset.country.FO
asset.country.FR
asset.country.GA
asset.country.GB
asset.country.GD
asset.country.GE
asset.country.GF
asset.country.GG
asset.country.GH
asset.country.GI
asset.country.GL
asset.country.GM
asset.country.GN
asset.country.GP
asset.country.GQ
asset.country.GR
asset.country.GS
asset.country.GT
asset.country.GU
asset.country.GW
asset.country.GY
asset.country.HK
asset.country.HM
asset.country.HN
asset.country.HR
asset.country.HT
asset.country.HU
asset.country.ID
asset.country.IE
asset.country.IL
asset.country.IM
asset.country.IN
asset.country.IO
asset.country.IQ
asset.country.IR
asset.country.IS
asset.country.IT
asset.country.JE
asset.country.JM
asset.country.JO
asset.country.JP
asset.country.KE
asset.country.KG
asset.country.KH
asset.country.KI
asset.country.KM
asset.country.KN
asset.country.KP
asset.country.KR
asset.country.KW
asset.country.KY
asset.country.KZ
asset.country.LA
asset.country.LB
asset.country.LC
asset.country.LI
asset.country.LK
asset.country.LR
asset.country.LS
asset.country.LT
asset.country.LU
asset.country.LV
asset.country.LY
asset.country.MA
asset.country.MC
asset.country.MD
asset.country.ME
asset.country.MF
asset.country.MG
asset.country.MH
asset.country.MK
asset.country.ML
asset.country.MM
asset.country.MN
asset.country.MO
asset.country.MP
asset.country.MQ
asset.country.MR
asset.country.MS
asset.country.MT
asset.country.MU
asset.country.MV
asset.country.MW
asset.country.MX
asset.country.MY
asset.country.MZ
asset.country.NA
asset.country.NC
asset.country.NE
asset.country.NF
asset.country.NG
asset.country.NI
asset.country.NL
asset.country.NO
asset.country.NP
asset.country.NR
asset.country.NU
asset.country.NZ
asset.country.OM
asset.country.Other
asset.country.PA
asset.country.PE
asset.country.PF
asset.country.PG
asset.country.PH
asset.country.PK
asset.country.PL
asset.country.PM
asset.country.PN
asset.country.PR
asset.country.PS
asset.country.PT
asset.country.PW
asset.country.PY
asset.country.QA
asset.country.RE
asset.country.RO
asset.country.RS
asset.country.RU
asset.country.RW
asset.country.SA
asset.country.SB
asset.country.SC
asset.country.SD
asset.country.SE
asset.country.SG
asset.country.SH
asset.country.SI
asset.country.SJ
asset.country.SK
asset.country.SL
asset.country.SM
asset.country.SN
asset.country.SO
asset.country.SR
asset.country.SS
asset.country.ST
asset.country.SV
asset.country.SX
asset.country.SY
asset.country.SZ
asset.country.TC
asset.country.TD
asset.country.TF
asset.country.TG
asset.country.TH
asset.country.TJ
asset.country.TK
asset.country.TL
asset.country.TM
asset.country.TN
asset.country.TO
asset.country.TR
asset.country.TT
asset.country.TV
asset.country.TW
asset.country.TZ
asset.country.UA
asset.country.UG
asset.country.UM
asset.country.Unknown
asset.country.US
asset.country.UY
asset.country.UZ
asset.country.VA
asset.country.VC
asset.country.VE
asset.country.VG
asset.country.VI
asset.country.VN
asset.country.VU
asset.country.WF
asset.country.WS
asset.country.XK
asset.country.YE
asset.country.YT
asset.country.ZA
asset.country.ZM
asset.country.ZW
asset.hosting.External - dedicated environment
asset.hosting.External - shared environment
asset.hosting.External - unknown environment
asset.hosting.Internal
asset.hosting.NA
asset.hosting.Other
asset.hosting.Unknown
asset.management.Co-managed
asset.management.External
asset.management.Internal
asset.management.NA
asset.management.Other
asset.management.Unknown
asset.notes
asset.ownership.Customer
asset.ownership.Employee
asset.ownership.NA
asset.ownership.Other
asset.ownership.Partner
asset.ownership.Unknown
asset.ownership.Victim
asset.role.IT
asset.role.NA
asset.role.OT
asset.role.Other
asset.role.Unknown
asset.total_amount
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Days
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Hours
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Minutes
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Months
attribute.availability.duration.unit.NA
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Never
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Seconds
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Unknown
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Weeks
attribute.availability.duration.unit.Years
attribute.availability.duration.value
attribute.availability.notes
attribute.availability.variety.Acceleration
attribute.availability.variety.Degradation
attribute.availability.variety.Destruction
attribute.availability.variety.Interruption
attribute.availability.variety.Loss
attribute.availability.variety.Obscuration
attribute.availability.variety.Other
attribute.availability.variety.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.No
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Potentially
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Yes
attribute.confidentiality.data_total
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Customer
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Employee
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Other
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Partner
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Patient
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Student
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Victim organization
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Bank
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Classified
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Copyrighted
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Credentials
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Digital certificate
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Internal
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Medical
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Other
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Payment
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Personal
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Secrets
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Source code
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.System
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data.amount.Virtual currency
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Bank
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Classified
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Copyrighted
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Credentials
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Digital certificate
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Internal
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Medical
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Other
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Payment
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Personal
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Secrets
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Source code
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.System
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Virtual currency
attribute.confidentiality.notes
attribute.confidentiality.state.Other
attribute.confidentiality.state.Printed
attribute.confidentiality.state.Processed
attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored
attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored encrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored unencrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted encrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted unencrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Unknown
attribute.integrity.notes
attribute.integrity.variety.Alter behavior
attribute.integrity.variety.Created account
attribute.integrity.variety.Defacement
attribute.integrity.variety.Fraudulent transaction
attribute.integrity.variety.Hardware tampering
attribute.integrity.variety.Log tampering
attribute.integrity.variety.Misrepresentation
attribute.integrity.variety.Modify configuration
attribute.integrity.variety.Modify data
attribute.integrity.variety.Modify privileges
attribute.integrity.variety.Other
attribute.integrity.variety.Repurpose
attribute.integrity.variety.Software installation
attribute.integrity.variety.Unknown
attribute.unknown.notes
attribute.unknown.result
campaign_id
confidence.High
confidence.Low
confidence.Medium
confidence.None
control_failure
corrective_action
cost_corrective_action.Difficult and expensive
cost_corrective_action.Simple and cheap
cost_corrective_action.Something in-between
cost_corrective_action.Unknown
discovery_method.external.variety.Actor disclosure
discovery_method.external.variety.Audit
discovery_method.external.variety.Customer
discovery_method.external.variety.Emergency response team
discovery_method.external.variety.Found documents
discovery_method.external.variety.Fraud detection
discovery_method.external.variety.Incident response
discovery_method.external.variety.Law enforcement
discovery_method.external.variety.Other
discovery_method.external.variety.Security researcher
discovery_method.external.variety.Suspicious traffic
discovery_method.external.variety.Unknown
discovery_method.external.variety.Unrelated 3rd party
discovery_method.internal.variety.Antivirus
discovery_method.internal.variety.Break in discovered
discovery_method.internal.variety.Data loss prevention
discovery_method.internal.variety.Financial audit
discovery_method.internal.variety.Fraud detection
discovery_method.internal.variety.Hids
discovery_method.internal.variety.Incident response
discovery_method.internal.variety.Infrastructure monitoring
discovery_method.internal.variety.It review
discovery_method.internal.variety.Log review
discovery_method.internal.variety.Nids
discovery_method.internal.variety.Offboarding
discovery_method.internal.variety.Other
discovery_method.internal.variety.Reported by employee
discovery_method.internal.variety.Security alarm
discovery_method.internal.variety.Unknown
discovery_method.other
discovery_method.partner.variety.Antivirus
discovery_method.partner.variety.Audit
discovery_method.partner.variety.Incident response
discovery_method.partner.variety.Monitoring service
discovery_method.partner.variety.Other
discovery_method.partner.variety.Unknown
discovery_method.unknown
discovery_notes
impact.iso_currency_code.AED
impact.iso_currency_code.AFN
impact.iso_currency_code.ALL
impact.iso_currency_code.AMD
impact.iso_currency_code.ANG
impact.iso_currency_code.AOA
impact.iso_currency_code.ARS
impact.iso_currency_code.AUD
impact.iso_currency_code.AWG
impact.iso_currency_code.AZN
impact.iso_currency_code.BAM
impact.iso_currency_code.BBD
impact.iso_currency_code.BCH
impact.iso_currency_code.BDT
impact.iso_currency_code.BGN
impact.iso_currency_code.BHD
impact.iso_currency_code.BIF
impact.iso_currency_code.BMD
impact.iso_currency_code.BND
impact.iso_currency_code.BOB
impact.iso_currency_code.BRL
impact.iso_currency_code.BSD
impact.iso_currency_code.BTN
impact.iso_currency_code.BWP
impact.iso_currency_code.BYR
impact.iso_currency_code.BZD
impact.iso_currency_code.CAD
impact.iso_currency_code.CDF
impact.iso_currency_code.CHF
impact.iso_currency_code.CLP
impact.iso_currency_code.CNY
impact.iso_currency_code.COP
impact.iso_currency_code.CRC
impact.iso_currency_code.CUC
impact.iso_currency_code.CUP
impact.iso_currency_code.CVE
impact.iso_currency_code.CZK
impact.iso_currency_code.DJF
impact.iso_currency_code.DKK
impact.iso_currency_code.DOP
impact.iso_currency_code.DZD
impact.iso_currency_code.EGP
impact.iso_currency_code.ERN
impact.iso_currency_code.ETB
impact.iso_currency_code.Ether
impact.iso_currency_code.EUR
impact.iso_currency_code.FJD
impact.iso_currency_code.FKP
impact.iso_currency_code.GBP
impact.iso_currency_code.GEL
impact.iso_currency_code.GGP
impact.iso_currency_code.GHS
impact.iso_currency_code.GIP
impact.iso_currency_code.GMD
impact.iso_currency_code.GNF
impact.iso_currency_code.GTQ
impact.iso_currency_code.GYD
impact.iso_currency_code.HKD
impact.iso_currency_code.HNL
impact.iso_currency_code.HRK
impact.iso_currency_code.HTG
impact.iso_currency_code.HUF
impact.iso_currency_code.IDR
impact.iso_currency_code.ILS
impact.iso_currency_code.IMP
impact.iso_currency_code.INR
impact.iso_currency_code.IQD
impact.iso_currency_code.IRR
impact.iso_currency_code.ISK
impact.iso_currency_code.JEP
impact.iso_currency_code.JMD
impact.iso_currency_code.JOD
impact.iso_currency_code.JPY
impact.iso_currency_code.KES
impact.iso_currency_code.KGS
impact.iso_currency_code.KHR
impact.iso_currency_code.KMF
impact.iso_currency_code.KPW
impact.iso_currency_code.KRW
impact.iso_currency_code.KWD
impact.iso_currency_code.KYD
impact.iso_currency_code.KZT
impact.iso_currency_code.LAK
impact.iso_currency_code.LBP
impact.iso_currency_code.Litecoin
impact.iso_currency_code.LKR
impact.iso_currency_code.LRD
impact.iso_currency_code.LSL
impact.iso_currency_code.LTL
impact.iso_currency_code.LVL
impact.iso_currency_code.LYD
impact.iso_currency_code.MAD
impact.iso_currency_code.MDL
impact.iso_currency_code.MGA
impact.iso_currency_code.MKD
impact.iso_currency_code.MMK
impact.iso_currency_code.MNT
impact.iso_currency_code.MOP
impact.iso_currency_code.MRO
impact.iso_currency_code.MUR
impact.iso_currency_code.MVR
impact.iso_currency_code.MWK
impact.iso_currency_code.MXN
impact.iso_currency_code.MYR
impact.iso_currency_code.MZN
impact.iso_currency_code.NAD
impact.iso_currency_code.NGN
impact.iso_currency_code.NIO
impact.iso_currency_code.NOK
impact.iso_currency_code.NPR
impact.iso_currency_code.NZD
impact.iso_currency_code.OMR
impact.iso_currency_code.PAB
impact.iso_currency_code.PEN
impact.iso_currency_code.PGK
impact.iso_currency_code.PHP
impact.iso_currency_code.PKR
impact.iso_currency_code.PLN
impact.iso_currency_code.PYG
impact.iso_currency_code.QAR
impact.iso_currency_code.RON
impact.iso_currency_code.RSD
impact.iso_currency_code.RUB
impact.iso_currency_code.RWF
impact.iso_currency_code.SAR
impact.iso_currency_code.SBD
impact.iso_currency_code.SCR
impact.iso_currency_code.SDG
impact.iso_currency_code.SEK
impact.iso_currency_code.SGD
impact.iso_currency_code.SHP
impact.iso_currency_code.SLL
impact.iso_currency_code.SOS
impact.iso_currency_code.SPL
impact.iso_currency_code.SRD
impact.iso_currency_code.STD
impact.iso_currency_code.SVC
impact.iso_currency_code.SYP
impact.iso_currency_code.SZL
impact.iso_currency_code.THB
impact.iso_currency_code.TJS
impact.iso_currency_code.TMT
impact.iso_currency_code.TND
impact.iso_currency_code.TOP
impact.iso_currency_code.TRY
impact.iso_currency_code.TTD
impact.iso_currency_code.TVD
impact.iso_currency_code.TWD
impact.iso_currency_code.TZS
impact.iso_currency_code.UAH
impact.iso_currency_code.UGX
impact.iso_currency_code.USD
impact.iso_currency_code.UYU
impact.iso_currency_code.UZS
impact.iso_currency_code.VEF
impact.iso_currency_code.VND
impact.iso_currency_code.VUV
impact.iso_currency_code.WST
impact.iso_currency_code.XAF
impact.iso_currency_code.XBT
impact.iso_currency_code.XCD
impact.iso_currency_code.XDR
impact.iso_currency_code.XMR
impact.iso_currency_code.XOF
impact.iso_currency_code.XPF
impact.iso_currency_code.YER
impact.iso_currency_code.ZAR
impact.iso_currency_code.ZEC
impact.iso_currency_code.ZMK
impact.iso_currency_code.ZWD
impact.loss.amount
impact.loss.max_amount
impact.loss.min_amount
impact.loss.rating.Major
impact.loss.rating.Minor
impact.loss.rating.Moderate
impact.loss.rating.None
impact.loss.rating.Unknown
impact.loss.variety.Asset and fraud
impact.loss.variety.Brand damage
impact.loss.variety.Business disruption
impact.loss.variety.Competitive advantage
impact.loss.variety.Legal and regulatory
impact.loss.variety.Operating costs
impact.loss.variety.Other
impact.loss.variety.Response and recovery
impact.notes
impact.overall_amount
impact.overall_max_amount
impact.overall_min_amount
impact.overall_rating.Catastrophic
impact.overall_rating.Damaging
impact.overall_rating.Distracting
impact.overall_rating.Insignificant
impact.overall_rating.Painful
impact.overall_rating.Unknown
incident_id
notes
plus.analysis_status.Finalized
plus.analysis_status.First pass
plus.analysis_status.In-progress
plus.analysis_status.Ineligible
plus.analysis_status.Ready for review
plus.analysis_status.Reviewed
plus.analyst
plus.analyst_notes
plus.asset_os.Android
plus.asset_os.Apple iOS
plus.asset_os.BlackBerry OS
plus.asset_os.Linux
plus.asset_os.Mac OSX
plus.asset_os.Mainframe
plus.asset_os.NA
plus.asset_os.Other
plus.asset_os.Symbian
plus.asset_os.Unix
plus.asset_os.Unknown
plus.asset_os.webOS
plus.asset_os.Windows
plus.asset_os.Windows Phone
plus.asset.total
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.High
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.Low
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.Moderate
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.NA
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.Other
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.Unknown
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.Very Low
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.High
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.Low
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.Moderate
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.NA
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.Other
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.Unknown
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.Very Low
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.High
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.Low
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.Moderate
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.NA
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.Other
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.Unknown
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.Very Low
plus.attribute.confidentiality.credit_monitoring_years
plus.attribute.confidentiality.credit_monitoring.No
plus.attribute.confidentiality.credit_monitoring.Other
plus.attribute.confidentiality.credit_monitoring.Unknown
plus.attribute.confidentiality.credit_monitoring.Yes
plus.attribute.confidentiality.data_abuse.No
plus.attribute.confidentiality.data_abuse.Other
plus.attribute.confidentiality.data_abuse.Unknown
plus.attribute.confidentiality.data_abuse.Yes
plus.attribute.confidentiality.partner_data.No
plus.attribute.confidentiality.partner_data.Other
plus.attribute.confidentiality.partner_data.Unknown
plus.attribute.confidentiality.partner_data.Yes
plus.attribute.confidentiality.partner_number
plus.control_inadequacies_legacy
plus.created
plus.dbir_year
plus.github
plus.investigator
plus.master_id
plus.modified
plus.pci.compliance_status.Found Compliant
plus.pci.compliance_status.Not Compliant
plus.pci.compliance_status.Unknown
plus.pci.merchant_level.Level 1
plus.pci.merchant_level.Level 2
plus.pci.merchant_level.Level 3
plus.pci.merchant_level.Level 4
plus.pci.merchant_level.Unknown
plus.pci.notes
plus.pci.req_1.In Place
plus.pci.req_1.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_1.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_1.Unknown
plus.pci.req_10.In Place
plus.pci.req_10.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_10.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_10.Unknown
plus.pci.req_11.In Place
plus.pci.req_11.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_11.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_11.Unknown
plus.pci.req_12.In Place
plus.pci.req_12.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_12.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_12.Unknown
plus.pci.req_2.In Place
plus.pci.req_2.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_2.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_2.Unknown
plus.pci.req_3.In Place
plus.pci.req_3.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_3.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_3.Unknown
plus.pci.req_4.In Place
plus.pci.req_4.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_4.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_4.Unknown
plus.pci.req_5.In Place
plus.pci.req_5.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_5.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_5.Unknown
plus.pci.req_6.In Place
plus.pci.req_6.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_6.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_6.Unknown
plus.pci.req_7.In Place
plus.pci.req_7.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_7.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_7.Unknown
plus.pci.req_8.In Place
plus.pci.req_8.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_8.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_8.Unknown
plus.pci.req_9.In Place
plus.pci.req_9.Not Applicable
plus.pci.req_9.Not In Place
plus.pci.req_9.Unknown
plus.pci.status_determined
plus.row_number
plus.security_maturity.Defined
plus.security_maturity.Initial
plus.security_maturity.Managed
plus.security_maturity.Measured
plus.security_maturity.Optimizing
plus.security_maturity.Unknown
plus.sub_source
plus.timeline.notification.day
plus.timeline.notification.month
plus.timeline.notification.year
plus.unfollowed_policies.No
plus.unfollowed_policies.Unknown
plus.unfollowed_policies.Yes
plus.unknown_unknowns.Assets that had unknown network connections or accessibility
plus.unknown_unknowns.Assets that had unknown user accounts or privileges
plus.unknown_unknowns.Assets unknown or unclaimed by the organization (or business group affected)
plus.unknown_unknowns.Data the organization did not know existed on a particular asset
plus.unknown_unknowns.Unknown
reference
schema_name
schema_version
security_incident.Confirmed
security_incident.False positive
security_incident.Near miss
security_incident.Suspected
source_id
summary
targeted.NA
targeted.Opportunistic
targeted.Targeted
targeted.Unknown
timeline.compromise.unit.Days
timeline.compromise.unit.Hours
timeline.compromise.unit.Minutes
timeline.compromise.unit.Months
timeline.compromise.unit.NA
timeline.compromise.unit.Never
timeline.compromise.unit.Seconds
timeline.compromise.unit.Unknown
timeline.compromise.unit.Weeks
timeline.compromise.unit.Years
timeline.compromise.value
timeline.containment.unit.Days
timeline.containment.unit.Hours
timeline.containment.unit.Minutes
timeline.containment.unit.Months
timeline.containment.unit.NA
timeline.containment.unit.Never
timeline.containment.unit.Seconds
timeline.containment.unit.Unknown
timeline.containment.unit.Weeks
timeline.containment.unit.Years
timeline.containment.value
timeline.discovery.unit.Days
timeline.discovery.unit.Hours
timeline.discovery.unit.Minutes
timeline.discovery.unit.Months
timeline.discovery.unit.NA
timeline.discovery.unit.Never
timeline.discovery.unit.Seconds
timeline.discovery.unit.Unknown
timeline.discovery.unit.Weeks
timeline.discovery.unit.Years
timeline.discovery.value
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Days
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Hours
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Minutes
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Months
timeline.exfiltration.unit.NA
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Never
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Seconds
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Unknown
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Weeks
timeline.exfiltration.unit.Years
timeline.exfiltration.value
timeline.incident.day
timeline.incident.month
timeline.incident.time
timeline.incident.year
value_chain.cash-out.notes
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Cryptocurrency
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Direct
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Fraud
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Hijacked rewards
value_chain.cash-out.variety.NA
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Other
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Provide service
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Purchase stolen goods
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Sell stolen goods
value_chain.cash-out.variety.Unknown
value_chain.development.notes
value_chain.development.variety.Bot
value_chain.development.variety.Email
value_chain.development.variety.Exploit
value_chain.development.variety.Exploit Kits
value_chain.development.variety.NA
value_chain.development.variety.Other
value_chain.development.variety.Payload
value_chain.development.variety.Persona
value_chain.development.variety.Physical
value_chain.development.variety.Ransomware
value_chain.development.variety.Trojan
value_chain.development.variety.Unknown
value_chain.development.variety.Website
value_chain.distribution.notes
value_chain.distribution.variety.Botnet
value_chain.distribution.variety.Compromised server
value_chain.distribution.variety.Direct
value_chain.distribution.variety.Email
value_chain.distribution.variety.Loader
value_chain.distribution.variety.NA
value_chain.distribution.variety.Other
value_chain.distribution.variety.Partner
value_chain.distribution.variety.Phone
value_chain.distribution.variety.Physical
value_chain.distribution.variety.Unknown
value_chain.distribution.variety.Website
value_chain.money laundering.notes
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Bank
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Company
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Cryptocurrency tumbling
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Employment
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Gambling
value_chain.money laundering.variety.NA
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Other
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Physical
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Provide service
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Re-shipping
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Sell stolen goods
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Smurfing
value_chain.money laundering.variety.Unknown
value_chain.NA
value_chain.non-distribution services.notes
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.C2
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Counter AV
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.DNS
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Escrow
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Hashcracking
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Marketplace
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.NA
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Other
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Proxy
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.Unknown
value_chain.non-distribution services.variety.VPN
value_chain.targeting.notes
value_chain.targeting.variety.Default credentials
value_chain.targeting.variety.Email addresses
value_chain.targeting.variety.Lost or stolen credentials
value_chain.targeting.variety.Misconfigurations
value_chain.targeting.variety.NA
value_chain.targeting.variety.Organizational Information
value_chain.targeting.variety.Other
value_chain.targeting.variety.Partner
value_chain.targeting.variety.Personal Information
value_chain.targeting.variety.Physical
value_chain.targeting.variety.Unknown
value_chain.targeting.variety.Vulnerabilities
value_chain.targeting.variety.Weaknesses
victim.country.AD
victim.country.AE
victim.country.AF
victim.country.AG
victim.country.AI
victim.country.AL
victim.country.AM
victim.country.AO
victim.country.AQ
victim.country.AR
victim.country.AS
victim.country.AT
victim.country.AU
victim.country.AW
victim.country.AX
victim.country.AZ
victim.country.BA
victim.country.BB
victim.country.BD
victim.country.BE
victim.country.BF
victim.country.BG
victim.country.BH
victim.country.BI
victim.country.BJ
victim.country.BL
victim.country.BM
victim.country.BN
victim.country.BO
victim.country.BQ
victim.country.BR
victim.country.BS
victim.country.BT
victim.country.BV
victim.country.BW
victim.country.BY
victim.country.BZ
victim.country.CA
victim.country.CC
victim.country.CD
victim.country.CF
victim.country.CG
victim.country.CH
victim.country.CI
victim.country.CK
victim.country.CL
victim.country.CM
victim.country.CN
victim.country.CO
victim.country.CR
victim.country.CU
victim.country.CV
victim.country.CW
victim.country.CX
victim.country.CY
victim.country.CZ
victim.country.DE
victim.country.DJ
victim.country.DK
victim.country.DM
victim.country.DO
victim.country.DZ
victim.country.EC
victim.country.EE
victim.country.EG
victim.country.EH
victim.country.ER
victim.country.ES
victim.country.ET
victim.country.FI
victim.country.FJ
victim.country.FK
victim.country.FM
victim.country.FO
victim.country.FR
victim.country.GA
victim.country.GB
victim.country.GD
victim.country.GE
victim.country.GF
victim.country.GG
victim.country.GH
victim.country.GI
victim.country.GL
victim.country.GM
victim.country.GN
victim.country.GP
victim.country.GQ
victim.country.GR
victim.country.GS
victim.country.GT
victim.country.GU
victim.country.GW
victim.country.GY
victim.country.HK
victim.country.HM
victim.country.HN
victim.country.HR
victim.country.HT
victim.country.HU
victim.country.ID
victim.country.IE
victim.country.IL
victim.country.IM
victim.country.IN
victim.country.IO
victim.country.IQ
victim.country.IR
victim.country.IS
victim.country.IT
victim.country.JE
victim.country.JM
victim.country.JO
victim.country.JP
victim.country.KE
victim.country.KG
victim.country.KH
victim.country.KI
victim.country.KM
victim.country.KN
victim.country.KP
victim.country.KR
victim.country.KW
victim.country.KY
victim.country.KZ
victim.country.LA
victim.country.LB
victim.country.LC
victim.country.LI
victim.country.LK
victim.country.LR
victim.country.LS
victim.country.LT
victim.country.LU
victim.country.LV
victim.country.LY
victim.country.MA
victim.country.MC
victim.country.MD
victim.country.ME
victim.country.MF
victim.country.MG
victim.country.MH
victim.country.MK
victim.country.ML
victim.country.MM
victim.country.MN
victim.country.MO
victim.country.MP
victim.country.MQ
victim.country.MR
victim.country.MS
victim.country.MT
victim.country.MU
victim.country.MV
victim.country.MW
victim.country.MX
victim.country.MY
victim.country.MZ
victim.country.NA
victim.country.NC
victim.country.NE
victim.country.NF
victim.country.NG
victim.country.NI
victim.country.NL
victim.country.NO
victim.country.NP
victim.country.NR
victim.country.NU
victim.country.NZ
victim.country.OM
victim.country.Other
victim.country.PA
victim.country.PE
victim.country.PF
victim.country.PG
victim.country.PH
victim.country.PK
victim.country.PL
victim.country.PM
victim.country.PN
victim.country.PR
victim.country.PS
victim.country.PT
victim.country.PW
victim.country.PY
victim.country.QA
victim.country.RE
victim.country.RO
victim.country.RS
victim.country.RU
victim.country.RW
victim.country.SA
victim.country.SB
victim.country.SC
victim.country.SD
victim.country.SE
victim.country.SG
victim.country.SH
victim.country.SI
victim.country.SJ
victim.country.SK
victim.country.SL
victim.country.SM
victim.country.SN
victim.country.SO
victim.country.SR
victim.country.SS
victim.country.ST
victim.country.SV
victim.country.SX
victim.country.SY
victim.country.SZ
victim.country.TC
victim.country.TD
victim.country.TF
victim.country.TG
victim.country.TH
victim.country.TJ
victim.country.TK
victim.country.TL
victim.country.TM
victim.country.TN
victim.country.TO
victim.country.TR
victim.country.TT
victim.country.TV
victim.country.TW
victim.country.TZ
victim.country.UA
victim.country.UG
victim.country.UM
victim.country.Unknown
victim.country.US
victim.country.UY
victim.country.UZ
victim.country.VA
victim.country.VC
victim.country.VE
victim.country.VG
victim.country.VI
victim.country.VN
victim.country.VU
victim.country.WF
victim.country.WS
victim.country.XK
victim.country.YE
victim.country.YT
victim.country.ZA
victim.country.ZM
victim.country.ZW
victim.employee_count.1 to 10
victim.employee_count.10001 to 25000
victim.employee_count.1001 to 10000
victim.employee_count.101 to 1000
victim.employee_count.11 to 100
victim.employee_count.25001 to 50000
victim.employee_count.50001 to 100000
victim.employee_count.Large
victim.employee_count.Over 100000
victim.employee_count.Small
victim.employee_count.Unknown
victim.government.Federal
victim.government.Local
victim.government.NA
victim.government.Other
victim.government.Regional
victim.government.Unknown
victim.industry
victim.locations_affected
victim.notes
victim.region
victim.revenue.amount
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AED
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AFN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ALL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AMD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ANG
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AOA
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ARS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AUD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AWG
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AZN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BAM
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BBD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BCH
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BDT
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BGN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BHD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BIF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BMD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BND
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BOB
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BRL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BSD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BTN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BWP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BYR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BZD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CAD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CDF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CHF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CLP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CNY
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.COP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CRC
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CUC
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CUP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CVE
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CZK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DJF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DKK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DOP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DZD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.EGP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ERN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ETB
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.Ether
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.EUR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.FJD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.FKP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GBP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GEL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GGP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GHS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GIP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GMD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GNF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GTQ
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GYD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HKD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HNL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HRK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HTG
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HUF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IDR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ILS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IMP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.INR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IQD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IRR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ISK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JEP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JMD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JOD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JPY
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KES
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KGS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KHR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KMF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KPW
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KRW
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KWD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KYD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KZT
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LAK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LBP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.Litecoin
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LKR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LRD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LSL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LTL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LVL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LYD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MAD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MDL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MGA
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MKD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MMK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MNT
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MOP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MRO
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MUR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MVR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MWK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MXN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MYR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MZN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NAD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NGN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NIO
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NOK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NPR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NZD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.OMR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PAB
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PEN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PGK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PHP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PKR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PLN
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PYG
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.QAR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RON
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RSD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RUB
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RWF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SAR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SBD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SCR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SDG
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SEK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SGD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SHP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SLL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SOS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SPL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SRD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.STD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SVC
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SYP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SZL
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.THB
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TJS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TMT
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TND
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TOP
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TRY
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TTD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TVD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TWD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TZS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UAH
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UGX
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.USD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UYU
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UZS
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.VEF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.VND
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.VUV
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.WST
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XAF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XBT
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XCD
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XDR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XMR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XOF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XPF
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.YER
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZAR
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZEC
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZMK
victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZWD
victim.secondary.amount
victim.secondary.notes
victim.secondary.victim_id
victim.state
victim.victim_id
actor.External
actor.Internal
actor.Partner
actor.Unknown
action.Malware
action.Hacking
action.Social
action.Physical
action.Misuse
action.Error
action.Environmental
action.Unknown
asset.variety.Server
asset.variety.Network
asset.variety.User Dev
asset.variety.Media
asset.variety.Person
asset.variety.Kiosk/Term
asset.variety.Unknown
asset.variety.Embedded
attribute.Confidentiality
attribute.Integrity
attribute.Availability
discovery_method.External
discovery_method.Internal
discovery_method.Partner
discovery_method.Other
discovery_method.Unknown
value_chain.Development
value_chain.Non-distribution services
value_chain.Targeting
value_chain.Distribution
value_chain.Cash-out
value_chain.Money laundering
action.physical.vector.Privileged access
plus.attack_difficulty_initial.Not Applicable
plus.attack_difficulty_legacy.Not Applicable
plus.attack_difficulty_subsequent.Not Applicable
victim.orgsize.Small
victim.orgsize.Large
victim.orgsize.Unknown
victim.industry2
victim.industry2.00
victim.industry2.11
victim.industry2.21
victim.industry2.22
victim.industry2.23
victim.industry2.31
victim.industry2.32
victim.industry2.33
victim.industry2.42
victim.industry2.44
victim.industry2.45
victim.industry2.48
victim.industry2.49
victim.industry2.51
victim.industry2.52
victim.industry2.53
victim.industry2.54
victim.industry2.55
victim.industry2.56
victim.industry2.61
victim.industry2.62
victim.industry2.71
victim.industry2.72
victim.industry2.81
victim.industry2.92
victim.industry3
victim.industry.name
actor.partner.industry2
actor.partner.industry3
pattern.Privilege Misuse
pattern.Miscellaneous Errors
pattern.Lost and Stolen Assets
pattern.Basic Web Application Attacks
pattern.Social Engineering
pattern.System Intrusion
pattern.Denial of Service
pattern.Everything Else
actor.Multiple
Actor
victim.industry2.31_33
victim.industry2.44_45
victim.industry2.48_49
